feat(oss): add new streaming docs (#3763)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langgraph/streaming/overview.mdx

| Stream a deployed graph or agent | [Remote](/oss/langgraph/streaming/remote) |
| Understand the wire protocol | [Protocol](/oss/langgraph/streaming/protocol) |
| Add app-specific projections | [Custom transformers](/oss/langgraph/streaming/custom-transformers) |
| Choose between `EventLog` and `StreamChannel` | [EventLog and StreamChannel](/oss/langgraph/streaming/event-log-and-stream-channel) |

## How the pieces fit together

The streaming stack has five layers:

1. The LangGraph Pregel engine emits data based on the configured stream mode.
2. The protocol defines event envelopes, channels, namespaces, ordering, replay, and transport behavior.
3. LangGraph produces protocol events from graph execution.
4. Stream transformers build typed projections over those events.
5. SDK and frontend clients consume the same events over remote transports.

In-process streaming and remote streaming use the same event model. The difference is how the events are delivered:

:::python
- In process, Projection Streaming uses `graph.stream_v2()` to return a run object backed by Python iterables and projection properties.

> - Remotely, the Python SDK currently streams deployed runs through `client.runs.stream(...)`.

Reviewer: currently? what does that mean

:::

:::js
- In process, Projection Streaming uses `graph.stream_v2()` to return a run object backed by async iterables.
- Remotely, `client.threads.stream(...)` returns a thread stream backed by SSE, WebSocket, or a custom transport.
:::

## Product-specific guides

> LangGraph owns the streaming primitives. Product docs explain how those primitives show up in higher-level APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangGraph defines the streaming primitives. For using streaming with LangChain or Deep Agents, review the relevant product docs:
```

---

> title: Overview

Reviewer 2: this needs a sidebar title
